>> Jon Kuperman: We will move
over to the first exercise.
So you can either go find it
via the masteringdevtools.com,
Exercises, Essential Chrome DevTools,
or build the site locally from the GitHub
repo and go to the same place.
And so let's take a quick break.
We'll kinda break out and work on this
together, fire up the DevTools, and
do a bunch of these changes.
So see if you can use the DevTools to
change the list from an ordered list to
an unordered list.
This password field, we can see, doesn't
let you paste, so if I try pasting,
it gives me this thing.
Can you fix it?
So either it does allow pasting, or
you're just somehow able to set the
password to this, and then see if you can
figure out which one of these cards
has the ID 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
And think about how you would be
able to do it if it were an infinite
list of cards.
Would you be able to kind of highlight
it and figure it out yourself?
So yeah, let's take a quick break there,
try to go through these, and
then we'll do them all
together when we come back.
>> Jon Kuperman: All right, so yeah,
let's go through this together.
Feel free to jump out if
you have any questions, and
then we'll move on to
the kind of next one.
So changing the list from an ordered
list to an unordered list.
So I'll right-click and
open the inspector here.
And then there's lots of
different ways to do this, but
essentially, I just find the ol tag here.
And if you double click a tag, it puts
you into this kind of smart editing
mode where you can just edit one of
the tags and hopefully you can see that
as I change the top one it
changes the closing tag as well.
And so I'll make it an unordered list.
There it goes green.
The password doesn't allow users to paste.
This is actually something I deal with
all the time, it's so frustrating.
Can you get around it?
And can you set your new
password to this big long string?
So there's again, a couple of
different ways we can solve this.
So we can see, right off the bat
that if we try pasting in,
we get this pasting is not allowed.
So I can go ahead and
inspect this element and see.
So there's a few different
things I think we could do.
One of them, I left this kind of
cheeky disallow paste class, right?
So you could remove that, and
then you should be able to paste it in.
I think another thing that we
could do here, let's refresh here,
is you could just mess
with the value itself.
So I think that you could do value equals,
and then paste this thing in.
And then you're still not
allowed to paste, but
we've pasted in kind of the back way.
Yeah, so
I think we could do the same thing here.
Either solution is totally fine.
I guess one, it's like sort of a smaller
thing, but I'd like to point out is that
this way that if you want to add an ID and
there's no ID only classes or
there was no value field,
you can go to edit one, like the class.
Then you just kind of go to the beginning
of it and you could like totally put, so
you can kind of do this and
the editor is smart enough to then
break that into multiple properties.
So, yeah, we can do that.
And then the border color of
this card with this ID, again,
quite a few different
ways we could do that.
We could do a search here, right?
You could search for
this ID, kind of find it.
We could also see, it is here,
we could also go like in the console,
like we had done before.
And we could do like document,
get element by ID, and
then you could kind of paste this in,
and this would find it from here,
you could sort of go and
view in the Elements panel.
You could view it here, and then even
if you were scrolled somewhere else,
you could scroll into view.
So, kind of a lot of different ways
hopefully highlighting that these things
are very deeply linked together, and
you can kind of solve things in
a variety of different ways.
But always get back to the same kind of
point, however you'd like to get there.
Did everyone find this one, okay, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: So I noticed that you had
the event listener on the allow paste.
Could you just go into the event
listener source and change that?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, that's another
totally acceptable way to do it.
Anyway, that works is great.
So, you could go in here.
You could do the allow paste.
So is the event listener on the paste?
We could find the source code.
This is a great question.
So we can find the source code that says,
okay, when it does allow paste,
we prevent default another like very great
way of doing it would be just to kind of
go ahead and
just delete all of this stuff.
And now you should, I guess you'd
have to have the source code and
do a refresh on it, yeah?
So if you have the source code and
you do a refresh,
then that'd be a totally another
great way of solving it.
All of these are great.
I think it's cool because the things
work together really well.
All this HTML, JavaScript Script CSS, and
so then when you're trying to fix or get
around different things, there's all sorts
of different approaches that you can take.
That's another totally
great way of doing it.
Everybody feel pretty good about that?
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: If this is too much
of an aside, what's a good way to
build this that can't be easily
circumvented with developer tools?
Is that only server-side validation APIs?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, so
the paste one is particularly
tricky to actually discourage.
I think that you could, like,
I was trying to think like,
I think there's some things
you could try to do.
I think it's always a losing battle,
but I do think you could have like,
event listeners that are like on input.
And if input was more than one character,
you could try to kick that out.
So even if you edit it through the
DevTools, it would still spit it back out.
But I think ultimately,
with this particular one,
preventing paste is a bad idea.
It discourages password managers and
complex passwords.
But, yeah, it's a really good question.
I think truly also when I build software,
because I think this is a better,
a really good philosophical question of,
can you prevent things?
Can you stop things?
How secure can you be on the front end?
And the truth is that the front end
is theirs, you can't be secure,
you can't have an API that could be
called dangerously from front end,
because front end can just
call it any way they want.
They could grab that URL and
they could paste it in the console.
So your point of security needs to be back
end needs to be able to handle anything
from the front end, because you can't
really see sites they prevent right click,
or they try to prevent the DevTools,
or they try to prevent pasting.
But there's always ways around that.
So I do think philosophically, you cannot
control how the front end uses your
endpoints in your JavaScript, and
you need to just be secure against that.